I love you.
You didn’t even read
the whole thing.
Okay?
Much better.
I’m your only best friend.
Of course.
Welcome to college!
I missed you guys.
Do you like anyone
in your college?
I don’t like any of them.
You?
I’m asking you. Do you like
anyone at your school yet?
You didn’t know about
Arkin’s photoshoot, did you?
I’m so stupid.
You’re not stupid.
You just like the guy.
He wanted to
confess his feelings,
but couldn’t
because they’re friends.
What if I told you—
I love you.
Of course, you love me.
We’re friends, right?
I want to keep you all to myself.
Mama.
Didn’t I tell you not to
bother me when I’m writing?
You’ll leave me, too.
Via, I bought pizza.
Via?
What happened to you?
Why?
Why didn’t you tell me?
You’ll leave me, too.
No.
I’m never leaving you.
Okay?
I’m really sorry.
I’m sorry.
You’ll change, too.
You won’t have time for me, too.
You’ll stop caring about me.
You’ll leave me
just like she did.
No. No, I won’t.
Via, listen.
No matter what happens,
I’m not going anywhere.
I’m sorry I didn’t tell you
because I was scared you
might feel the same pain
you felt before.
Okay? I’m sorry.
I’m really sorry.
Kino, do you even know
how many times
I wished Mama was still here
to take care of me?
I wish I had a normal life
like you all do.
I wish I didn’t have
to think about
all the responsibilities
I have for my siblings.
Kino, I wish I weren’t this tired.
If only she hadn’t gone
into show business,
she would still be here with me.
I wish she were
still here today.
I know, Via.
Okay? Please, I’m sorry.
I’m sorry. Please…
Kino, she died.
She knew she had
a kidney problem
because she kept
taking those pills,
but what did she do?
She didn’t take care of herself.
Why?
Why was it so easy
for her to leave me?
Why was it so easy for her
to leave all of us?
Didn’t she love us?
Kino, why was it
so easy for her
to dump everything on me?
Via, I don’t think
that’s how it was.
Your mom was kind, and
she loved all of you.
You don’t know how I felt.
Instead of playing,
I was carrying my crying
sibling in my arms,
and you know what
Mama was doing then?
Mama was right there,
busy with her music.
How important is that to you all?
All that fucking attention,
Kino, and for what?
Can’t you live without it?
Via…
Via.
Via, I need to do this.
Please, you have to understand.
But why?
Do you know how many times
Mama came home after
people threw things at her?
Those same people
who adored her
when she was on top,
but stepped all over her
when she was down.
Kino, that hurt so much.
Do you know how painful
it was to witness that?
Kino…
Kino, I won’t be able
to handle it
if that happens to you.
Kino, I don’t want you
to get hurt.
I can’t watch you suffer.
Why do you keep putting yourself
under that spotlight?
Can’t you just focus
on your studies instead?
Via, I know that pain.
Mama went through that too, but—
I still want to do this.
I really want this.
This can help my name if I want
to get into the film industry.
Via—
Via, I’m thinking
about my future too.
This is good for
my career, so please
don’t stop me from doing this.
I’m sorry.
I’m really sorry.
Please, I’m sorry.
- I’m sorry.
- No.
I’m sorry, Larkin.
I’m sorry.
I’m sorry for what I said.
I shouldn’t have said that.
I was wrong.
I’m happy for you. I really am.
Don’t worry.
I’m still here.
I’ll still be here,
right behind you.
But Kino, don’t neglect yourself,
don’t neglect your studies, okay?
Being a director is still
your real dream, right?
Sorry.
Sweetheart?
Are you all right?
Did something happen?
Are you still upset?
Are you still not visiting
your mom this year?
You know, sweetheart,
your mom loved you,
even if she’s gone.
You never fell short for her.
Until her last breath,
she was looking for you
and your siblings.
If I could apologize for
everything she did, I would.
I’m sorry, Via.
You had to carry all
that weight on your back.
But don’t worry.
Papa’s here to help you
carry everything.
Everything you’ve done
for your siblings.
Even for Arkin.
I know they won’t leave you
the way your mom did.
And your mom
didn’t want that either.
So cheer up now.
Okay?
Thank you, Papa.
Thank you.
All right.
Are you okay?
You need me to stay?
No, I’m okay.
Via? Please don’t be mad
at me anymore.
I’m really sorry, Via.
I’m not mad, Kino.
Our project for—
- I haven’t started it yet.
- Yeah, same.
- I’ll do it later.
- Hey! There’s Via.
Via! Have you been waiting long?
Kind of. Just a bit.
By the way, this is Dan.
Yeah, we’ve already met.
There you go.
- So they already know each other.
- They know each other.
He has a crush on you.
Hey, idiot! No, I don’t.
Don’t believe them.
Look at him,
he’s being defensive.
- Hi, Via.
- Hi.
Hi, Via? Hi, Via?
Via!
Wanna hangout next week at my school?
I’m free.
Sure.
You’re in front of your crush.
Fix it.
Hey, Via. They said
let’s go to the cafeteria.
- Let’s go! All right, let’s go then.
- Let’s go to the cafeteria.
Look at you, acting shy.
Come on, Via.
Seriously, this guy...
Via!
Sorry, my class took so long.
It’s okay.
So, how was your class?
Can you still handle studying
and acting at the same time?
I’m managing.
And don’t worry.
I won’t neglect my studies.
You better.
Look, they’re so sweet.
Is that Luna’s boyfriend, Kalix?
Yeah.
I feel like they’re
really meant to be.
How can you tell?
Luna looks different.
You can see that she’s
super in love with Kalix.
I wonder what that feels like.
What about you?
Don’t you like
anyone you work with?
You’re surrounded by
so many pretty girls.
Why are you asking that?
Just kidding.
No.
I don’t like anyone there.
You?
Do you like anyone?
You… You’re the one I like.
But it can’t happen,
so being friends is enough.
Hold still.
By the way, Via…
I might get a little busy
starting next week.
I have some acting gigs lined up.
They’re just small roles,
but you know me,
I always do my best.
Just tell me when it airs, okay?
I’ll watch you.
Thank you, Via.
It’s so hot, Kino.
It’s so hot.
Is your classroom too warm?
Did you even shower
this morning?
You kinda stink.
Do you know how expensive
my perfume is
and then you’re telling me—
- that I stink?
- That’s different.
Perfume and deodorant
are different.
My soap is expensive too, Via.
I said deodorant, didn’t I?
I use alum powder sometimes.
So you’re okay with that scene?
And you know where
it picks up from, right?
For the next sequence
we’re shooting,
does the director want
a big reaction from me?
Maybe keep it subtle so
you don’t overshadow Paul.
- But tell me, okay? When—
- Just do better next time.
- Tell me if the director has any comments.
- Of course.
Yeah. That’s fine.
The set will be ready
in five minutes, okay?
- Yes.
- Okay.
Thank you.
Do you have a lot of scenes?
Actually, I got more scenes
because the director
seems to like me.
Really now? Maybe your
acting was just very good.
That’s a given, but I feel
like he noticed
how handsome I am. And—
Hello?
Via?
Via!
Be careful there, Kino.
Darn it, we lost connection.
I’ll just call later.
Kino, are you home already?
Not yet.
I’ll message you later,
still busy with the shoot.
Kino has so many friends now.
I hope you’re doing okay, Ke.
Thanks, the therapist
you recommended
really helped me.
Thank you.
You guys didn’t leave me.
Of course, Ke.
We’re here for you,
we won’t leave you.
What about you?
How are you?
I’m fine.
She says she’s fine, but
she’s been crying nonstop.
Don’t hold it in.
Go ahead, let it out.
I don’t want to cry anymore.
I’ve cried too much over Kalix.
It’s too much.
Just too much. I’m done.
This is the first time
I’ve seen Luna and Ke
like this because of guys.
But it’s also the first time
I’ve seen them fall this hard.
It’s scary when
it backfires on you.
Where’s Arkin by the way?
Is he still busy
with his acting gigs?
Yeah. His shoots have
been nonstop ever since
he got cast in that teleserye.
Wow, my best friend is
really getting famous.
Wow, stealing best friends now?
He’s Via’s best friend.
But seriously,
tell Arkin he should rest.
He might get sick at this rate.
Yeah, it feels like he hasn’t
checked in for a long time.
You’re right.
But we’re meeting later.
Eat first, Ke.
Kino, are we
still meeting later?
I’ll stop by your school.
I’ll smack you!
I don’t want to cry anymore.
I’m exhausted.
Kino, I’m here now.
It’s been days, and
Kino’s barely been replying.
I hope he’s okay.
Via, aren’t you the one
who’s always with Arkin?
Yeah.
How is he?
Is he not coming back?
Coming back where?
To class. He’s been
absent for a while.
I’m just worried.
What happened to him?
Or is he just really busy
with his shoots now?
All right, I’ll go ahead.
But Kino, don’t neglect yourself,
don’t neglect your studies, okay?
Being a director is
still your real dream, right?
The question is, do I
even want to be an actor?
But you also know
I’d still choose studying.
And you better!
If you dare mess up your studies,
I’ll really get mad.
Study first. I promise.
- Promise?
- I promise.
Via!
You’re here.
Did you text me?
Sorry, my phone was
low on battery,
so I couldn’t reply.
So, have you eaten yet?
How’s your class?
I don’t have class today.
It’s tomorrow.
Perfect timing, huh?
You’re such a liar.
Acting really does suit you.
Via, I can explain.
You’ve had so many
chances to explain,
why didn’t you?
What did I ever do to you?
You made me look like an idiot.
I kept asking questions
about your classes.
Why did you lie to me? Tell me.
What did I do to you?
Nothing, Via.
Nothing?
So I did nothing wrong.
Then why didn’t you tell me?
Do you not trust me anymore?
What else about you
is even real?
Go on, tell me.
Via, I’m sorry.
I’m sorry because I didn’t
know how to tell you.
How could you not know?
I was scared you’d get
really mad and leave me.
I have to admit,
I can’t handle both acting
and school at the same time.
That’s why my manager had me
stop attending school.
They’ll just have me
attend film courses
that fit my schedule.
Via, I’m sorry.
Sorry, I didn’t tell you sooner.
I’m still thinking about whether
I’ll enroll next semester.
I thought you were doing
this for your film degree?
I thought you were doing this
because you wanted
to be a director.
I thought you didn’t
want to be an actor.
Has all that changed now?
Huh?
Are you enjoying all the
attention they’re giving you?
Via, it’s not like that.
Okay? It’s not like that.
So, what is it?
Tell me, why?
How?
Kino, I want to
understand because
I want to understand you.
Via, let’s just talk later, okay?
Why not now?
I’m sorry, Via. I’m tired.
@samanthavera:
Just a reminder, guys.
My birthday’s on Sunday.
See you!
Happy birthday!
Thank you.
- Happy birthday!
- Thank you, girls.
Thank you for coming.
Kalix is not here. Don’t worry.
It’s not like
I’m looking for him.
Not looking ‘cause
you don’t want to see him,
or because you do want to?
I said I’m not looking for him!
So? Are you introducing
someone to us?
I wouldn’t want
to waste my outfit.
I love this song!
Girls, let's dance!
Come on! Hurry, let’s dance!
Okay, fine!
Come on, come on.
We’ll get to that later.
Happy Birthday!
Thank you.
Ke! Don’t leave me!
Wait!
- Hey.
- Sorry, Sam. I’m leaving.
- Huh? Why?
- Wait!
- Hey—
- Sorry.
Ke! Don’t leave me! Ke!
What? What’s happening?
Via?
Larkin, what are you doing?
What the—
Hey—
Wow.
I’m so confused right now.
Kino, let go of me!
What the hell?
Sir, I’ll tell you when
we’re about to leave, okay?
What the hell?
Via, I’m sorry.
I’m really sorry.
Shit. I’m sorry, please.
What are you even
apologizing about?
All I ever hear
from you is “sorry"
whenever we talk, Kino.
Don’t you have
anything else to say?
Via, I just wanted to
talk to you because
I’ve been texting you, calling you,
and you’re not answering.
I gave you space to calm down.
But Via, it’s been weeks.
So please, talk to me, Via.
What? What do you want?
Do you want me to enroll? Again?
Fine, I’ll enroll next semester.
Is it the acting thing?
You don’t want me
doing that anymore?
Fine, I won’t take
any more projects.
I’ll just finish the—
What are you even talking about?
Via…
Via, I don’t even know anymore.
Via, I’m sorry.
I’m sorry, I’m just scared, okay?
I’m scared that
if I do something
you don’t like, you’ll leave me.
This isn’t an excuse, Via.
I know I messed up.
I should’ve told you
even if you didn’t like it,
even if you didn’t
want to hear it.
But Via…
What about me?
This is what I want.
Why do I always
stop you from thriving?
I’m joining the photojournalism
club next school year.
Aside from music,
I like cameras too.
Why do I always project
my scars onto you?
Kino, you’re lucky,
you know that?
You already know what you
want to do in life,
and you’re good at everything.
If you weren’t around,
I probably wouldn’t
know what to do either.
Of course you would.
When you become an actor,
I might actually be
your number one fan.
Why do I keep forcing
what I want on you?
I’m sorry.
I just wanted you
to finish school.
I thought that’s what you wanted.
But—
I didn’t realize
I was stopping you
from doing the things
you want to do.
Kino, I’m sorry.
I’m sorry.
I’m sorry you’re struggling.
I’m sorry that the way
I love hurts. I’m sorry.
Via, I know what
I did was wrong.
I should’ve told you
from the very beginning.
I know I’ve hurt you a lot.
But I’m telling you right now,
I won’t make
promises anymore, okay?
I’ll just tell you everything.
Whatever you want to know,
whatever’s happening to me.
I’ll tell you everything.
Just please, don’t leave me.
I won’t rely
on your words anymore.
But I’ll believe you.
Do you really like
what you’re doing?
I’m not leaving your side.
I’ll trust you,
but Kino, you have
to trust me too, okay?
Promise me too
that you’ll never think
that you’re a burden
to what I’m doing.
Because you’re not, Via. Okay?
After all that,
Arkin and I were okay again.
Just like he promised,
he told me everything.
And slowly,
my trust in him came back.
The only problem was,
he told me literally everything.
Months passed,
and Kino’s projects kept
coming one after another.
So did the big
milestones in his life.
Like his new car.
What’s up, Via?
Check out my new condo.
It’s so nice here. It’s huge!
And look at this,
the sofa’s super relaxing.
There’s a bit of
an overlooking view, too.
Even when he moved
into his new condo unit,
he always made sure that
even if we rarely saw each other,
I was still part of his success.
I’m happy for everything
he’s achieving.
But am I happy with
my own achievements?
You can do this.
You really can.
You got this.
Via, you’re okay.
Don’t let this get to you.
You’re fine.
You can do this.
I’m getting excited
about our project.
We’re supposed to
draw our dream project.
I already have so many ideas!
Me? I want my own
architecture firm.
Wow!
Floor-to-ceiling windows, modern.
Yes.
And a garden on the rooftop.
Actually, that sounds so nice!
As for me, I want to do
my dream house, ranch-style.
So it feels cozy, warm, and—
an open floor layout,
so while I’m cooking
I can see my
husband and my kids.
Like, hi! Just like that!
Right?
What about you, Via?
That’s how many now?
I don’t know.
I don’t even know
what to do anymore.
what I really want.
I don’t even have
a dream project yet.
Don’t worry. It will come.
Right.
Here, this might help
you get motivated.
Just think that one day,
we’ll be designing the buildings
here in the Philippines.
And people are gonna say,
“that was designed by
Architect Valeria, Architect Ynares,
and Architect—
- Diaz.”
- Diaz.
So exciting, right?
Aren’t you excited, Via?
Aren’t you?
I don’t know. I feel like—
I feel like I kind of regret
taking this course.
You know what I mean?
It’s like I’m only finishing it
because I have to.
I’m just forcing
myself at this point.
I don’t want to
waste the tuition.
I don’t want to waste Papa
and my aunt’s savings too.
Via, come on. I understand you.
Our program is really hard.
Even I’m struggling.
But I know you can do it.
Your ideas and your
plates are really good.
Your work is so neat.
So polished.
Honestly, you’re even
better than me
at being an architect.
And that’s why we told you
we’d support you.
You can do it.
The three of us can do it
as long as we stick together.
Until we graduate.
Until we get our licenses and
become successful architects.
Right?
Thank you, really.
You guys help me so much.
I can’t imagine doing
this without you.
Let’s hug.
Oh my gosh.
We got this.
The three of us
can definitely do this.
Yes! Fight!
Fight.
Hey guys, they said Clea’s
getting a new partner.
Some new actor who already
has a bunch of projects.
Who?
Larkin?
Larkin Sanchez.
I think they’re trying
to boost his popularity.
I read about that too.
It’s not official yet.
Yeah, but look at
everyone’s reactions online.
The edits of them together
already have so many views.
And their pairing in that series
is starting to blow up, too.
Their chemistry is crazy,
even in their tiny scenes. Look.
I mean, I’m a fan of Clea too,
but I hope she doesn’t
get a love team.
She’s fine on her own.
Why don’t you want
her in a love team?
I just don’t.
There’s a high chance
she might catch feelings
for her love team partner.
Enough with these love teams
turning into real-life couples.
Wow, you’re such
a possessive fan.
Fine, okay. No more. I’ll stop.
There, look. Deleted.
No more.
Why am I even feeling like this?
I don’t have the
right to be jealous.
We’re just friends.
This concert hall
is my dream project.
My classmates all chose
houses or office buildings
for their dream projects.
But this is mine.
It’s okay, right?
Does it look good?
Are you okay?
They’re pairing me with someone.
Pairing?
Remember I told you that
after my series project,
I’d be doing a movie?
That movie is
finally pushing through.
Really?
Then congrats!
Why do you look like
you’re not happy, though?
Management wants to try
pairing me with a love interest.
And if people like it,
they might make us
an official love team.
I don’t want that.
But that’s good for your career.
Who are they pairing you with?
Clea.
Clea Aguilar?
You don’t know
Clea Zorel Aguilar?
That’s the former child star.
We’re basically the same age.
But she’s super famous now.
Yeah.
She’s one of the most popular
actresses right now, right?
That’s really good for you.
It’ll help your career a lot.
And it’s just a love team.
You don’t actually have
to date her in real life.
That’s true.
And it’s not like
I have a choice anyway.
I just follow whatever
my manager tells me.
It’s a big deal for your career.
And if you think about it,
all of this is to help you
reach your dreams.
Are you really okay with it?
Of course.
Didn’t I tell you I’ll support
you in everything?
I’m excited to see you
reach your dreams.
Via, I’m saying
sorry in advance, okay?
I might get really busy
in the next few weeks.
Once we start rolling,
it’s nonstop.
He’ll be with Clea
the whole day on set.
Well…
Then let’s just meet
on your day off.
Sure, let’s do that.
Sometimes my manager
makes me go to the gym too.
But Sevi goes with me,
so don’t worry.
Don’t worry about me, Kino.
I’m just here to support you.
Thank you, Via.
They don’t even look
good together.
What did you say?
Nothing!
I didn’t say anything.
By the way, where’s Arkin?
He hasn’t been showing up.
He’s busy.
If it’s not work,
he’s at the gym with Sevi.
Wow, Sevi’s stealing your title.
He’s the new best friend.
Hey.
Now you—
Finally, I’m free.
Let’s go to Sunken?
Shooting starts
again tomorrow.
I’m on my way.
Luna, Ke, I’ll go ahead, okay?
Kino texted me. He’s free,
so we’re meeting later.
Okay.
And can you put my t-square
in the locker, please?
- Bye!
- All right, take care. Hey!
- Via!
- Kino.
How are you? You okay?
Wow, you’re wearing lip tint.
Is only Clea allowed to wear lip tint?
You’re so annoying.
Why am I annoying?
Your hair’s a mess again.
Come here, I’ll tie it.
Can you do it?
There.
Thanks.
So, why’d you ask me
to meet you today?
Via, I’m releasing a single.
Remember the song
I was writing before?
I finished it.
I want you to hear it.
Listen carefully, okay?
♪ Left thinking in the
midst of the chaos, ♪
♪ utterly bewildered
by these feelings. ♪
♪ I can't tell if this is a dream, ♪
♪ as if my heart was
playing in the heavens. ♪
♪ In the daylight
you are there, ♪
♪ beside me, and I gaze at you. ♪
♪ I don't know anymore, ♪
♪ I get confused whenever
I'm with you in… ♪
♪ A golden scenery
beneath the sky, ♪
♪ having you with me. ♪
♪ As the wind blows, ♪
♪ along with the song,
I feel your hand. ♪
♪ May my prayer be heard, ♪
♪ that you love me in return. ♪
♪ An orange sky, ♪
♪ painting the beauty
of your eyes— ♪
♪ My mind asks, ♪
♪ do you also want to kiss me? ♪
♪ Is this as far as
our friendship goes? ♪
What’s it for?
I got inspired by my friend.
He wanted to
confess his feelings
but couldn’t
because they’re friends.
Just have a crush on me instead,
since I have a crush
on you anyway.
Via…
I think I have feelings for you.
How was it?
Huh?
It’s good.
The song’s good.
And your singing,
it’s really good too.
It’s about someone
who wants to be honest
about how they feel.
Someone who wants to confess
to their friend, right?
Why—
Why did you write
a song like that?
Via, are you okay?
Your face is red.
- Huh?
- Are you okay?
Me? No. I’m fine.
It’s just hot.
It’s hot, and the
sun’s about to set.
I still have to commute home.
It might get too late, Kino.
There’s traffic, it’ll get dark.
Come on, let’s go.
Via, wait.
So…
How was the song?
Did you understand it?
Of course.
And the song is good.
It’s really good.
It’s about admitting their
feelings to their friend, right?
But they're scared it might
ruin the friendship.
He confessed, right?
What am I even
supposed to say?
Can I really risk everything
we’ve been through?
What if we break up?
What’ll happen
to our friendship?
And yeah.
It’s a really good song.
Let’s go.
Via, I love you.
Not just as a friend.
I know you already know that,
so why are you
still avoiding it?
I already know what
you’re going to say.
If you’re just going to
thank me, I don’t need it.
What do you
even want me to say?
What should I even say?
Kino, I don’t know
what to do anymore.
I don’t know what
to say because,
why did you have
to say that before?
Why do you still
have to say it now?
Look at me, even now,
I don’t know what
I’m supposed to feel.
I don’t know what I really feel.
Damn it, Larkin.
How do you really feel?
Do you love me?
Of course!
We’re friends, right?
Come on, Via. Let’s go home.
Come on.
I’ll bring you home.
I also want to see
Papa and the kids.
We’re here!
Hi, Pa.
- Hi, Via!
- Hey.
Pa.
- Arkin!
Hi!
- Long time no see.
- Arkin!
- Oh, Arkin!
- Papa.
Glad you came to visit.
Pa, I’ll sleep here
tonight, okay?
But I’ll leave early tomorrow
since I have a shoot.
Sure thing. You’re really
famous now, huh?
Just don’t forget to
take care of yourself, okay?
Yes, Pa.
Oh, wait. Via, I cooked.
You two eat first, okay?
Sure, Pa. Let me
help you. I’ll do it.
No, no. I’m fine. I got this.
Okay.
- So, how have you been?
- Wow, Arkin, it’s been a while, right?
But we always see you on TV.
How is it again?
Refreshing!
You know, Arkin, I think
I could be on TV too.
Go ahead.
Refreshing!
It should be
a little gentler, like this.
Refreshing.
That’s how it
should be, you guys!
Since you watch
my shows and my ads,
I brought something
for you guys.
Souvenirs!
Wow!
- Here’s yours.
- That’s a lot, Arkin.
These are toys.
Here are snacks.
- This one too.
- Chocolates!
Not now, okay? After dinner.
This is my favorite!
- Thank you, Arkin.
- Of course, I know. I know you well.
- Here, this one’s for you.
- Look at this.
- Thank you, Arkin!
- And this one, for you. Look.
Can’t we just stay
like this? Happy.
Uncomplicated.
Not ruining our friendship…
Via?
That’s my shirt.
Oh my gosh.
What do you want me to do?
That was the first thing
I grabbed from the cabinet.
Fine, fine, I’ll change—
- I’ll return it to you.
- No, don’t. It’s fine.
Move over.
Via, we have a kissing
scene in our movie.
So what?
You’ve never had
your first kiss yet.
Perfect timing, Clea’s there.
Don’t you want that?
Via, I want it to be with you.
Why me?
I don’t want to.
Not me. Just choose Clea.
I don’t know how.
Why are you laughing?
What’s funny? I’m serious.
Clea’s right there.
I’m sure she’s
better at it than I am.
Just choose Clea.
- Why?
- What?
Is Clea the one I like?
Admit it, Via.
You’re falling for me.
As if. Excuse me.
You don’t want to admit it?
Push me away if you’re
not in love with me.
What about you?
Don’t you like
anyone you work with?
You’re surrounded by
so many pretty girls.
Why are you asking that?
Just kidding.
No.
I don’t like anyone there.
You? Do you like anyone?
You… You’re the one I like.
But it can’t happen,
so being friends is fine.
Because I like you.
Whether we stay friends
or whatever we become,
nothing’s going to
change between us, right?
Here comes
the Box Office King!
Oh my gosh, Via,
they said there’s
a kissing scene.
Here with us today is
the most handsome of them all,
Mr. Larkin Sanchez.
So, to answer
everyone’s question,
is Larkin Sanchez still single?
Oh, so you’re Rhythmics too?
What are your stan accounts?
We’ll follow you.
Is that required?
Kino, you know what?
I want to keep you
all to myself,
away from your fangirls.
But I know
that’s part of your job.
Why do I even love you?
She just keeps smiling.
I bet she’s just in love.
Can we talk?
You don’t want us
to be in a relationship?